Update upgrade-nextgen-cd.md (#532)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/onboard-cd/upgrading/upgrade-nextgen-cd.md

## What's happening to the FirstGen CD product?

The Harness FirstGen CD module will be phased out and will reach End of Life (EOL) in about 4/1/2024. 

### Timeline
The FirstGen to NextGen CD upgrade will occur on the following dates:

- 1/1/2023: Harness First Gen will be in maintenance mode. 
  - No new features will be added.

>   - The Security and Bug fixes will continue to be addressed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Security and bug fixes will continue to be addressed.
```

> - 10/1/2023. End of SMP releases
>   - Harness will no longer publish new versions of the Self Hosted Harness Platform for Current Gen
>   - Only Harness Next Gen versions will be released in our SMP releases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 10/1/2023. End of SMP releases.
  - Harness will no longer publish new versions of the Self Hosted Harness Platform (SMP) for Harness FirstGen.
  - Only Harness NextGen versions will be released in our SMP releases. 
```

- 1/1/2024. End of support for FirstGen CD.

>   - Harness Support will no longer be taking support requests for the First Gen CD Product.
>   - Security Fixes will still be addressed however, product defects will not be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Harness Support will no longer accept support requests for FirstGen CD.
  - Security fixes will still be addressed.
  - Product defects will not be addressed.
```

- 4/1/2024. FirstGen SaaS product shutdown.

>   - Harness Delegates will no longer register with Harness SaaS
>   - User's will no longer be able to use the Harness First Gen UI to perform CD Deployment Tasks.
>   - Trigger's will fail as the webhook URL will be deprecated
>   - The default experience for signing into Harness will be Harness CD Next Gen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Harness delegates will no longer register with Harness SaaS.
  - Users will no longer be able to use the Harness FirstGen UI to perform CD deployments.
  - Triggers will fail as webhook URLs will be deprecated.
  - The default experience for signing into Harness will be Harness CD NextGen. 
```
